hey guys welcome back to my videos and
we're like viewing on the Tetra whisper
intake filter 3i which supposed to only
work for licked up to up to three
gallons guys get auto focus butter focus
yeah up to three gallons so this is a
small recommended filter for those
beginners with a small tank but if you
guys have like those huge hangs and
suggest finding a filter that's in your
tank size which is supposed to flow
through the water warning is that if you
don't take out the cartridge after like
you use it for with a long time like I
did look you can say that this debris
loud
yeah I can see the tiny sucking out so
just don't just make sure to unplug it
when you're doing like a Jakarta change
i'll plug the airline tubing first and
then the one not the water into the air
pump I'm just going to destroy it or
unless you have those secure things
which I don't have one so besides that
it's the clothes supposedly suppressed
say that it keeps water crystal cleaner
and also just easily to higher low water
levels with matching suction cups yeah
here's how it works an air pump my air
pump over there is pushing out the air
which is creating a vacuum for the water
into the egg all the bubbles
and after that their culture
which goes flows back into the 10 but
that's that normally when I feed my fish
after like a day the water get all
cloudy but this is not the case this is
like crystal clear water on the second
day plus my air pump is making a lot of
noise so you guys can tell things
I hope the Bears various useful of whose
like and subscribe for more comfortable